From:insuranceCompany@ic.com
To:tiffiny_steffensmeier@cox.net
Subject: Apologies for recent data breach from Insurance Company
Dear Tiffiny Steffensmeier,

As you may have heard or read, last month we learned that criminals forced their way into our systems, 
and stole information about our customers. Late last week, as part of our ongoing investigation, 
we learned that the taken information includes names, mailing addresses, phone numbers or email addresses.
 
I am writing to make you aware that your name, mailing address, phone number or email address may have been 
taken during the intrusion.

I am truly sorry this incident occurred, and I sincerely regret any inconvenience it may cause you. 

To protect your information, we strongly advise you to make sure that you update your primary phone number 305-385-9695 
and secondary phone number 305-304-6573 through our website, and run a security check on your personal website 
http://www.whitehallrobbinslabsdivsn.com to ensure information securiy.

Because we value you as a customer, and because your trust is important to us, our company is offering you 
one year of free credit monitoring through the ProtectMyID product, which includes identity theft insurance 
where available. You will need to go to the website www.creditmonitor.com and type in you name Tiffiny Steffensmeier, 
physical address 32860 Sierra Rd, zipcode 33133, state FL to activate the plan. During the activation process, 
we will need you to verify your primary phone number 305-385-9695 and personal email address tiffiny_steffensmeier@cox.net. Please be 
sure you have access to these accounts in the verification process. You can also add your website http://www.whitehallrobbinslabsdivsn.com after you activated 
this plan so that your website will also be insured by this plan.
 
You can find additional information and FAQs about this incident at our website. If you have further questions, 
you may call us at 866-852-8680. 

Thank you for your patience and your loyalty. 
Sincerely,
Insurance Company CEO
