From:insuranceCompany@ic.com
To:venita_maillard@gmail.com
Subject: Apologies for recent data breach from Insurance Company
Dear Venita Maillard,

As you may have heard or read, last month we learned that criminals forced their way into our systems, 
and stole information about our customers. Late last week, as part of our ongoing investigation, 
we learned that the taken information includes names, mailing addresses, phone numbers or email addresses.
 
I am writing to make you aware that your name, mailing address, phone number or email address may have been 
taken during the intrusion.

I am truly sorry this incident occurred, and I sincerely regret any inconvenience it may cause you. 

To protect your information, we strongly advise you to make sure that you update your primary phone number 714-523-6653 
and secondary phone number 714-663-9740 through our website, and run a security check on your personal website 
http://www.wallacechurchassocinc.com to ensure information securiy.

Because we value you as a customer, and because your trust is important to us, our company is offering you 
one year of free credit monitoring through the ProtectMyID product, which includes identity theft insurance 
where available. You will need to go to the website www.creditmonitor.com and type in you name Venita Maillard, 
physical address 72119 S Walker Ave #63, zipcode 92801, state CA to activate the plan. During the activation process, 
we will need you to verify your primary phone number 714-523-6653 and personal email address venita_maillard@gmail.com. Please be 
sure you have access to these accounts in the verification process. You can also add your website http://www.wallacechurchassocinc.com after you activated 
this plan so that your website will also be insured by this plan.
 
You can find additional information and FAQs about this incident at our website. If you have further questions, 
you may call us at 866-852-8680. 

Thank you for your patience and your loyalty. 
Sincerely,
Insurance Company CEO
